World is changing fast. We are experiencing a technological revolution as big as industrial revolution. One
of the major drivers of this revolution is Machine learning. Banking and financial services are at forefront of digital revolution and are using machine learning in their businesses.
The problem you will be working on is related to trading in financial markets and it is quite challenging. You will be clustering financial assets and building forecasting model which are the initial steps needed to build a machine learning based quantitative trading strategy. The common problem in trading is to forecast a variable based on other variables. Since financial data is time related one has to use recent past information to capture all the dynamics. We have divided the problem into two parts. First problem is of clustering which is needed to understand the data and the second problem is of prediction/classification.
Following is the first part of the problem. Given the time series data of 100 켛nancial assets which are
correlated, you have to cluster them into similar groups. These groups may relate to market segments
such as Metals & Minerals, Banking/Finance etc.

-----------------------------------------------1st Part----------------------------------------------------
Data
The dataset is common for both the problems. The training file(train.csv) contains the time-series data.

Below is the relevant explanation of the difierent columns.

Column    Explanation
Time      Integer representing the time factor
X1..X100  Stock prices belonging to various industries
Y         Y is forecast value of the financial variable which we are interested in. Y has +1 if the
          underlying asset goes up in the future and it has -1 if it goes down.

Note: The actual number of clusters are between 5 to 15
Download Data
Submission
You have to submit a file containing your predictions in the following format.
Asset,Cluster
X1,6
X2,6
X3,7
X4,2
X5,9
Evaluation
Submissions will be evaluated using Adjusted Rand Index (ARI) of the predicted clusters to the standard
industrial clusters. Please refer to Wiki: ARI for more details.
score = max(ARI, 0.0)
Note: Your submission will be assigned score only on the 50% of the data during the live contest phase.
Upload Prediction File
Please upload the prediction file in the format as stated in the problem and ensure that there are correct
number of rows as in the test file.
Choose file No file chosen
Submit & Evaluate
Upload Source Files
You need to submit a zip or tar archive consisting of a text file explaining your approach, details about feature
engineering, tools you used and the relevant source file.

-----------------------------------------------2nd Part-----------------------------------------------------
Following is the second part of the problem. Given the time series data of 100 financial assets which are
correlated, you have to build a model to forecast return of the financial asset from which Y is derived.
You can also use the clustering info from the first problem as needed.

Data
The dataset is common for both the problems. The training file(train.csv) contains the time-series data.
Below is the relevant explanation of the difierent columns.
Column    Explanation
Time      Integer representing the time factor
X1..X100  Stock prices belonging to various industries
Y         Y is forecast value of the financial variable which we are interested in. Y has +1 if the
underlying asset goes up in the future and it has -1 if it goes down.

Note: The problem is to forecast return of financial asset from which Y is derived. The accuracy of the
models will be relatively low (closer to 50%).

Submission

You have to submit a file containing your predictions in the following format.
Time,Y
3001,1
3002,‐1
3003,1
3004,‐1
3005,1

Evaluation
Submissions will be assigned scores based on classification accuracy.
score = 6*abs(accuracy-0.5)
Note: Your submission will be assigned score only on 50% of the data during the live contest phase.
Complete evaluation will be done after the contest has finished